Reward & punishment tendency - reward reward reward reward. If the epc is low, up the promises, show them the results, the end in mind. use punishment to contrast the insane reward.


Liking/loving tendency  - You MUST become likeable in marketing. The likable person gets the agreement.  I don't do this to make money, I do this to help people - INSTANT likability.


Dislike/hating tendecy -  If bibi netanihau said 2+2 is 4, a leftist would argue it is anything but 4. nobody buys from someone which he doesn't like.


Doubt avoidance tendency - you wanna remove doubt from your customers brain. A confused mind always says no. Be 100% sure that your product works. CERTAINTY. MONEY BACK GUARANTEE.


Inconsistency avoidance tendency - If you website looks incongruent in any way to the target audience, you will be avoided. if you sell candy bars to 5 year old, and your website's style is for 80 year olds, you are not trusted by them.


Curiousity tendecy - convey messages they never heard. If people know the answer to your headline, they are too bored to continue because it feels like they already have what you offer. Leave them hanging and saying wow there is more to this person that I don't know. 


Kantian fairness/Reciprocation tendency - If someone gives, we naturally tend to want to give back. Make sure you give them at least 3 free things for 1 thing you ask. I give it to you free, you just pay for shipping. then upsell them on the next offer for full price.


Envy/jealousy tendency - hold out what you have. make them super jealous to become like you. show them your shit. be careful with this one, it could make you dislikeable.


Association tendency - associate your self to authoritive/famous/successful people to increase your status and credibillity. Find out what they like to associate with, and put it in your website. If they are proud americans, add the US flag to you website.


Social proof tendency - Make sure you put ALOT of testimonials on your website. The more testomonials THE BETTER. woman judge men on how many women like him most.


Psycological denial - people deny common sense on HUGE promises. Mcdonalds show lean attractive people on their ads even though their product is extremly unhealthy.


Excessive self regard tendency - you are amazing, you can accomplish everything. boost their ego to make them feel good about themselves.


Over optimism tendency - In 7 days you will lose 30 pounds. 


Deprival supereaction tendecy - going once, going twice, going three times. this is extremly scarce, urgent, rare, dont miss out. YOU NO LONGER GET THIS BONUS. People naturally want to procrastinate and you must make your offer urgent to make them act. If there is no urgency, you are in big trouble and you are leaving money on the table.


Contrast misreaction tendecy - instead of $25,000 deal for a car, the guy in the dealership said only $300 a month and the car is yours. You wanna contrast HUGE THING with the little cost. PRICE MINIMALIZATION. 4 dollar a day per cup for starbucks sounds way lower than 120 dollars a month. Compare yourself with your competitors and contrast them negatively.


Stress misinfluence tendency - create a stressful environment. show them the pain. its easier to sell to a stressful customer. OK DONT TAKE MORE TIME TO CONVERSATE WITH YOUR BOSS, PLEASE LETS JUST FINISH WITH IT.


Availability misweighing tendency - If I go to your website and I cant see your buy button, I am gone. People are too lazy to reach something and would rather have something easily available to use. Think the easy transition of content through scrolling in social media. it is super easy and available to scroll down. The bouncer in the brain helps it to preserve energy, and if your website takes alot of logic/small font, people are out. make things available. The grandma test - if your grandma doesn't understand your website, change it.


Use it or lose it tendency - get things going.


Twaddle tendency - people like to babble and burn time. people like content.If you are gonna record a 2 minute video, consider recording a 20 minute video. MORE CONTENT, MORE VIDEOS, LONGER EMAILS.


Reason respecting tendency - just give a reason to people to buy from you. Experiment shows that people get mad if you cut inline without saying a word, but if you just say hey guys I am cutting the line, people will respect your reason even though it is a stupid reason. This product is so awesome because I made it myself!


Lollapalooza tendecy - the combination of as much cognitive biases as possible WILL MAKE PEOPLE BUY FROM YOU!





*Mission(use it or lose it): check which ones you are lacking, and boost them.

*MINIMUM FIVE BIASES to make it work!



